Clean up and reorganise `Handling foul play` and related articles (#14119)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Silences/en.md

Keep in mind that you must use the email address associated with your osu! account and mention your username to confirm it's you.

## How can I avoid being silenced?

> Carefully read and follow the [rules](/wiki/Rules), [visual content considerations](/wiki/Rules/Visual_content_considerations), [song content rules](/wiki/Rules/Song_content_rules), and the [code of conduct for modding and mapping](/wiki/Rules/Code_of_conduct_for_modding_and_mapping). If you're not sure whether something you want to do or say would violate the rules, ask a member of the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team). If you're not sure who to ask, [click here](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5999631).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carefully read and follow the [community rules](/wiki/Rules), [visual content considerations](/wiki/Rules/Visual_content_considerations), [song content rules](/wiki/Rules/Song_content_rules), and the [code of conduct for modding and mapping](/wiki/Rules/Code_of_conduct_for_modding_and_mapping). If you are not sure whether something you want to do or say would violate the rules, ask a member of the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team). If you are not sure who to ask, [click here](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5999631).
```

Keep in mind that you must use the email address associated with your osu! account and mention your username to confirm it's you.

## How can I avoid being silenced?

Carefully read and follow the [rules](/wiki/Rules), [visual content considerations](/wiki/Rules/Visual_content_considerations), [song content rules](/wiki/Rules/Song_content_rules), and the [code of conduct for modding and mapping](/wiki/Rules/Code_of_conduct_for_modding_and_mapping). If you're not sure whether something you want to do or say would violate the rules, ask a member of the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team). If you're not sure who to ask, [click here](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5999631).

> If you were silenced and want to avoid breaking the rules again, you can ask a member of the Global Moderation Team for the reasoning behind your silence.

Reviewer 2: This isn't really the correct way to go around an appeal/explanation. We ask users to email the Support team if they want an explanation on why they were silenced. Asking individual members, more often than not, can cause confusion to the user or can end up in a situation where a singular member of the Moderation team disagrees with the decision and their opinion gets leveraged as collateral.

Point is, this should be ran by Support. Though general questions about the rules are more than fine to be asked to GMTs. Just not *after* a user was silenced.

Author: Moved to "Appealing" as it's the closest to another mention of support.

> Additionally, if you have an old forum post, beatmap, comment, or similar that you think contains inappropriate content, it is also recommended to simply delete or edit out said content if you can. If you cannot edit or delete the content for any reason, contact a member of the Global Moderation Team to have them remove it. Doing so will generally result in a significantly lower punishment for the offence, if any.

Author: Fixed.
